Documentation: Clarify deprecations documentation. (#38683)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/block-api/block-deprecation.md

2. If its `save` method produces valid content this deprecation is used to parse the block attributes. If it has a `migrate` method it will also be run using the attributes parsed by the deprecation.
3. If the first deprecation's `save` method does not produce a valid block the subsequent deprecations in the array are tried until one producing a valid block is encountered.
4. The attributes, and any innerBlocks, from the first deprecation to generate a valid block are then passed back to the current `save` method to generate new valid content for the block.
5. At this point the current block should now be in a valid state and the deprecations workflow stops.

It is important to note that if a deprecation's `save` method does not produce a valid block then it is skipped completely, including its `migrate` method, even if `isEligible` would return true for the given attributes. This means that if you have several deprecations for a block and want to perform a new migration, like moving content to `InnerBlocks`, you may need to update the `migrate` methods in multiple deprecations in order for the required changes to be applied to all previous versions of the block.

> It is also important to note that if a deprecations `save` method imports additional methods you may want to add a snapshot copy of these methods to the deprecations file instead of importing them in order to avoid future changes to these methods inadvertently breaking the deprecations.

Reviewer: I found this sentence a little hard to parse. Is it worth breaking it up into a couple of sentences?

```suggestion
It is also important to note that if a deprecation's `save` method imports additional functions from other files, changes to those files may accidentally change the behavior of the deprecation. You may want to add a snapshot copy of these functions to the deprecations file instead of importing them in order to avoid inadvertently breaking the deprecations.
```

Author: yeh, that is clearer - thanks.
